hey guys megohms here again welcome to
satisfaction in the kitchen it's getting
close to Super Bowl time you know what
that means lots of snacks lots of food
lots of parties and so here's two ways
that I made little Smokies that I'm
gonna show you for your next Super Bowl
party to get started you're gonna need
the little Smokies you're gonna need
some barbecue sauce some Worcestershire
sauce some old de some cayenne and I
also ended up using some soy sauce and
yeah so let's go ahead and let's put it
all together in our slow cooker pot so
put your Smokies in the slow cooker pot
layer a mile in there and then start
adding some barbecue sauce and I used
the whole bottle but that depends on the
size of your slow cooker and the size of
your bottle so you might need to add
more than a bottle you might need to add
less than a bottle now I did add more
Worster sauce than this I don't know why
I showed this but here's some old day I
also put in some cayenne pepper cuz I
like to kick it up and I ended up
putting soy sauce in here like I said
before I didn't show it on camera but
then I stir it all around and depending
on the size of your slow cooker and
depending on how many Smokies you have
you may need to add more liquid which I
ended up doing I know that doesn't look
like enough liquid so I did add more
barbecue sauce
I did add more Worster and soy sauce and
so you're gonna want to stir it all
around and make sure that it's covered
and that your slow-cooker is filled at
least half way up or it to cook evenly
so let's stick it in the slow cooker and
I did it for about four and a half hours
before I flip the lid off on low before
I took the lid off and test it one of
the Smokies it needed just a little bit
longer so about 45 minutes to an hour
later which was five and a half hour
total cook time this is how they came
out they look nice and plump and
delicious and I stuck it on warm while
we had our fill but I served it up with
some mashed potatoes so that it would be
more of a meal and there you go that's
one way to cook our little Smokies I'm
show you a different way - this one's
good - you're gonna need some bacon cut
into strips you may need longer strips
if you actually want to be able to wrap
each smoky in the bacon fully but here
you need some bacon pieces during 16 of
them you also need a container of
Crescent dough and 16 little Smokies let
me show you how this one is going to be
made you're gonna take your bacon and
you are going to in batches if you need
to fry up the bacon in your cast-iron
skillet or your regular skillet or if
you'd rather do it in the microwave or
in the oven anyway you're gonna need to
cook it till it's not quite done you
need it to be just that little bit
underdone so it cooks the rest of the
way in the Crescent dough but you don't
want it to be raw when you stick it in
because then it really won't be done so
anyway this would be a good time also to
set your oven
for 375 degrees and just fry up your
bacon make sure you drain it good so
that your Crescent dough isn't Sami 75
degrees now that your bacon is done
you're gonna take your crescent go roll
it you can start to wrap up your Smokies
now with every time I get crescent oh I
don't know how it is with you guys but
it's always broken at least in certain
places but that's easily fixable all you
have to do is just take the dough that's
broken and just piece it back together
just push it together with your fingers
and it's so easy to repair the dough
when it's linked back anyway and repair
any pieces and then take a knife and
you're going to cut it in about half
with and you may not get perfect with
every time but it's fine because
remember a piece of together really
nicely so you gonna take your triangle
and then you're gonna grab yourself a
little smoky then you're gonna grab one
of your bacon pieces and you're gonna
put it on the fat end of your triangle
of Crescent dough
sweet and then you'll get a little smoke
in a blanket now sometimes when you are
rolling up your smokey in the dough and
may not cover it completely after you're
done rolling it up then that's fine
just take a piece of the extra dough and
you can go ahead and break a piece off
go ahead and just attach it there when
it cooks it all pops up and it cool so
do that for all 16 of us and then go
ahead and foil line your baking pan
because otherwise they're very sticky to
the baking pan for some reason for me so
I like to foil on it easy cleanup
they'll have to worry about it so go
ahead and put them at least far enough
apart so that they're not going to be
able to touch once they puff up and pop
out does it will poof a little bit so
it's all covered with your Smokies
they're not gonna touch they pop out
you're gonna stick them in the oven at
375 for about 15 minutes just keep
checking make sure they don't burn this
is what they look like after about 15
minutes what mine looks like they look
really really good and they are really
good so anyway go ahead let them cool
for just a minute before you go ahead
and transfer them onto your serving
plate then you can serve them with your
favorite dipping sauce is ketchup
mustard barbecue sauce honey mustard hot
sauce whatever your heart desires and I
hope you enjoyed I hope you enjoy your
Super Bowl parties and see y'all next
time bye-bye